The system shall refresh the display every 60 seconds.
The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security
If projected  the data must be readable.  On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30
The product shall be available during normal business hours. As long as the user has access to the client PC  the system will be available 99% of the time during the first six months of operation.
If projected  the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100
The product shall ensure that it can only be accessed by authorized users.
The product will be able to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized users in all access attempts
The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory. 90% of new users shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities within 90 minutes of using the product.
The product shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display.
The system shall have a MDI form that allows for the viewing of the graph and the data table.
The system shall display Events in a vertical table by time.
The system shall display the Events in a graph by time.
All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance to the guidelines of Regulation E and Regulation Z.
The Disputes application must maintain a detailed history of every action that a user takes on a dispute case.
This ensures a complete audit trail if questions arise later on with regard to a particular dispute case.
All actions that modify an existing dispute case must be recorded in the case history.
The Disputes System must be accessible by both internal and external users.
The Disputes System must prevent users from accessing any dispute cases that do not belong to their cardholder base.
The Disputes System will facilitate direct data entry of a dispute case via a user interface that supports real time responses to the users.
